Improve documentation for interop module (#1106)
ewels/MultiQC: docs/modules/interop.md

    The Illumina InterOp libraries are a set of common routines used for reading and writing InterOp metric files. These metric files are binary files produced during a run providing detailed statistics about a run. In a few cases, the metric files are produced after a run during secondary analysis (index metrics) or for faster display of a subset of the original data (collapsed quality scores).
---

> This module parses the output from the InterOp Summary executable and creates a table view. The aim is to replicate the `Run & Lane Metrics` table from the [Illumina Basespace](https://basespace.illumina.com) interface. The executable used can easily be installed from the BioConda channel using `conda install -c bioconda illumina-interop`. The module can parse the outputs of `interop_summary` and `interop_index-summary` executables (have to be run with the `--csv=1` option). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module parses the output from the InterOp Summary executable and creates a table view. The aim is to replicate the `Run & Lane Metrics` table from the [Illumina Basespace](https://basespace.illumina.com) interface. The executable used can easily be installed from the BioConda channel using `conda install -c bioconda illumina-interop`.

The MultiQC interop module can parse the outputs of the `interop_summary` and `interop_index-summary` executables. Note that these must be run with the `--csv=1` option.
```
